Week 4
Name: Frank Malatesta | Group: Trainers
Time Dedicated to the Project
The following is an estimate of the amount of time I spent on each task this week:
* Research and work towards Project Proposal: ~2 hours
* Weekly group meeting: ~30 minutes
* Learning MongoDB: ~45 minutes
Staying consistent with our weekly group meetings will keep our team committed and focused towards completing our project.
Contribution to the Project Development Process
I continued work on the Project Proposal, researching the past literature in topics relevant to our app. I contributed to the literature survey and looked over what other group members included to know what gaps still needed to be filled. I also worked on the abstract and the project plan sections. The Project Proposal was finished up Saturday and then approved from submission on Sunday.
I will be assisting Blake with the development of the backend of our app with the use of MongoDB.
Demonstration of Applied Knowledge
I identified the important aspects of our project and what makes it technically unique, being the compilation of videos synced by audio, and used that to guide the research that I did in the literature review for the Project Proposal.
I’ve started to learn the basics of MongoDB, a platform that I was previously not too familiar with. I will continue to grow and learn over the course of the project.
Reflection and Lessons Learned
I am personally dissatisfied with the amount of time I put towards the project this week. Since we have gained approval for the project, I feel like I should have committed more to the project. I should not let the unfamiliarity I have with certain aspects of full stack development be a roadblock to my efforts. In the coming weeks, I will look to do better and contribute more to the team. 
As we continue to get more work from other classes as the semester intensifies, we will have to remain dedicated to the project to not let our effort slip. I think if we continue to motivate each other and plan clearly and early, we will steer away from many potential issues we would otherwise face.